This is a list of the columns in Designs_Sites_Vessels.csv and a short 
description of each. For all columns besides the ID columns, there is no 
guarantee that the row actually has data for that column (i.e., a design may 
be missing location data). 

design ID \
vessel ID  >-- Just a unique ID for each design, vessel, site
site ID   /
site desig - USGS? site designation. Probably won't use.
site name
state/quad - some notation describing the location within a state -- possibly also USGS defined? Probably won't use. 
UTM Zone
UTM East
UTM North
Latitude - I calculated this and longitude given the UTM coordinates. 
Longitude
Elevation
period - Period I (PI) through Period IV (PIV) also BM3? Unsure as to the meaning. 
earliest date
latest date
mean date - We will probably use this column to mark the date. 
Run I group - For these next 5, some roman numeral I-X it looks like. Unsure as to the meaning. 
Run II group
Run III group
Run IV group
Run V group
catalog - some random number, probably won't use. 
museum - related to catalog probably. 
diameter
height
circumf
weight
proven - includes some comments ("room", "kiva", "trash"), unlikely to be used. Only found in ~1/2 of rows. 
feature - generally "burial" or "cremation", Only found in ~1/3 of rows, unlikely to be used. 
room - number, unlikely to be used.
level - more detailed info related to room, unlikely to be used. 
form - "bowl", "jar", "cup", etc. Found in almost every row. 
condit - "whole", "partial", "rsherd"
paint - "mineral", "carbon", "glaze"
type - some kind of classification, unsure how to interpret. Could be useful
vessel comments
design - A, B, C, etc. could be useful to plot
design loc - where on the vessel the design is located
design orient - more details regarding design location
rim design - "plain", "ticked", etc. 
width
width field
repeats
color - probably should be plotted - "B/W", "B/R", etc. 
cont line - this column through to Figurative is true/false
neg/pos
line break
motifs alt
outline/fill
panels
Figurative
Framing lines - "none", "thick", "thin", etc. 
Design code - "solid", "hatched", could be useful?
pattern cat - "oneD", "finite", could be useful
sym struc - !!!! this and "sym design" are what we are primarily plotting
sym design - !!!!
design comments
band color - these last columns are generally unused
V panel sym des
V panel color
H panel sym des
H panel color
